Notas migración (#2731)
python/python-docs-es: .overrides/upgrade-python-version.rst

   of the new branch is done. So prepare a cup of any hot beverage
   and fix them.

**Once the process is completely and you are happy with the results,
there are a few extra steps to finish the process**

> #. Upgrade GitHub Actions to use Python 3.12, by updating Python version to 3.12 in the '.github/workflows/main.yml' file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Upgrade GitHub Actions to use Python 3.12, by updating Python version to 3.12 in the ``.github/workflows/main.yml`` file.
```
